OCPBUGS-49826-RN418: Known issues details added (#88874)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

* When you run Cloud-native Network Functions (CNF) latency tests on an {product-title} cluster, the test can sometimes return results greater than the latency threshold for the test; for example, 20 microseconds for `cyclictest` testing. This results in a test failure.
(link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42328[*OCPBUGS-42328*])

> * A known issue exists when the grandmaster clock (T-GM) transitions to the `Locked` state too soon. This happens before the Digital Phase-Locked Loop (DPLL) completes its transition to the `Locked-HO-Acquired` state, and after the Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) time source is restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  There is currently a known issue when the grandmaster clock (T-GM) transitions to the `Locked` state too soon. This happens before the Digital Phase-Locked Loop (DPLL) completes its transition to the `Locked-HO-Acquired` state, and after the Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) time source is restored. There is currently no workaround for this issue.
```

Reviewer: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_known_issue
